examples/README.md, before:

# go-cypher-dsl Examples

This directory contains various examples demonstrating how to use the Go Cypher DSL library. The examples are organized into the following categories:

## Directory Structure

```
examples/
├── improved_api/       # Examples using the improved API
│
├── neo4j/              # Examples that connect to Neo4j database
│   └── movie_graph/    # Examples using the Neo4j movie graph dataset
│
└── patterns/           # Common Cypher patterns implemented with the DSL
```

## Running the Examples

Each subdirectory contains standalone Go programs that can be run directly. For example:

```bash
# Run an improved API example
cd examples/improved_api
go run example.go

# Run a Neo4j connection example with movie graph
cd examples/neo4j/movie_graph
go run movie_queries.go
```

## Neo4j Examples

The Neo4j examples require a running Neo4j instance. The movie graph examples use the built-in Neo4j movie dataset, which can be loaded in Neo4j Browser with the `:play movies` command.

Default connection parameters:
- URL: `neo4j://localhost:7687` 
- Username: `neo4j`
- Password: `Password1` (you'll need to change this to match your setup)

## Example Categories

### Improved API Examples

The improved API examples demonstrate how to build Cypher queries programmatically using the simpler, more intuitive API style.

### Neo4j Examples

The Neo4j examples show how to connect to a Neo4j database and execute queries built with the DSL.

### Pattern Examples

The pattern examples demonstrate common Cypher patterns implemented with the DSL, such as creating nodes, relationships, and more complex queries.

Commit message:

Add enhanced features to Cypher DSL and update documentation
- Introduced `ComplexPath` for simplified multi-level relationship creation.
- Added property comparison helpers: `CompareProperty` and `NamedCompareProperty` for concise queries.
- Implemented schema management helpers for creating and managing constraints and indexes.
- Enhanced Neo4j driver integration with a new `SessionManager` and `QueryHelper` for streamlined query execution.
- Updated README and examples to showcase new features and usage.

This update significantly improves the usability and functionality of the library.

examples/README.md, after:

# go-cypher-dsl Examples

This directory contains various examples demonstrating how to use the Go Cypher DSL library. The examples are organized into the following categories:

## Directory Structure

```
examples/
├── enhanced_features/  # Examples showcasing new advanced features
│
├── improved_api/       # Examples using the improved API
│
├── neo4j/              # Examples that connect to Neo4j database
│   └── movie_graph/    # Examples using the Neo4j movie graph dataset
│
└── patterns/           # Common Cypher patterns implemented with the DSL
```

## Running the Examples

Each subdirectory contains standalone Go programs that can be run directly. For example:

```bash
# Run the enhanced features example
cd examples/enhanced_features
go run example.go

# Run an improved API example
cd examples/improved_api
go run example.go

# Run a Neo4j connection example with movie graph
cd examples/neo4j/movie_graph
go run movie_queries.go
```

## Neo4j Examples

The Neo4j examples require a running Neo4j instance. The movie graph examples use the built-in Neo4j movie dataset, which can be loaded in Neo4j Browser with the `:play movies` command.

Default connection parameters:
- URL: `neo4j://localhost:7687` 
- Username: `neo4j`
- Password: `Password1` (you'll need to change this to match your setup)

## Example Categories

### Enhanced Features Examples

The enhanced features examples demonstrate the newest capabilities of the library:
- **ComplexPath**: Simplified creation of multi-level relationship paths
- **Property Comparison Helpers**: More concise property comparisons with `CompareProperty` and `NamedCompareProperty`
- **Schema Management**: Easier creation of constraints and indexes
- **Neo4j Driver Integration**: Simplified execution with `SessionManager` and result handling

### Improved API Examples

The improved API examples demonstrate how to build Cypher queries programmatically using the simpler, more intuitive API style.

### Neo4j Examples

The Neo4j examples show how to connect to a Neo4j database and execute queries built with the DSL.

### Pattern Examples

The pattern examples demonstrate common Cypher patterns implemented with the DSL, such as creating nodes, relationships, and more complex queries.
